Make some parts of the site and docs more begginner-friendly. (#809)
software-mansion/live-compositor: docs/pages/intro/what-is-compositor.md

# What is Live Compositor?

> Live Compositor is an engine for applying effects to videos and for combining multiple videos together.

Reviewer: `engine` sound wierd. IMO media server is more informative.

Author: I actually think the opposite. I think most people who heard something about media servers did so in the context of Jellyfin or Plex, or maybe Janus. I think this can be a source of confusion, since Live Compositor is so much different from these media servers. I don't think people realize how wide the meaning is.

Besides the potential confusion, I don't see the benefit of calling it a 'media server'. How is that more informative, if we in the next sentence explain that it receives information via an http api and you can stream videos in and out? It doesn't add any new information, after reading the next sentence people know it's a server.

I used the word 'engine' very deliberately, because it suggests the compositor should be used in tandem with another thing that drives it.

On a very basic level, it is an application which exposes an HTTP API.
The API allows you to specify where to get input videos, and how to modify and compose them together.
The resulting outputs can then be written to a file or streamed to a separate service.

> ## The TypeScript SDK

Reviewer 2: Is the here needed?

Author: I think so

The TypeScript SDK is the recommended way to start using the compositor right now.

> It is a library which allows controlling how the compositor manipulates videos in a way which is simpler to wrap your head around than raw HTTP requests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is a library that allows you to control how the compositor manipulates videos with React components.
This approach should be very intuitive for anyone with a web development background and simpler to wrap your head around than raw HTTP requests.
```

Reviewer 2: Also please avoid adding line breaks at the end of the sentence in markdown. Either write everything in one line or add line breaks based on line length. This approach is causing the markdown structure to look very different than what will be rendered on the website.

> It allows writing React-based code, which then controlls how the videos are processed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It allows writing React-based code, which then controls how the videos are processed.
```

Author: nope, that's wrong
